I want to say thanks for being part of the greater campaign. I'm really excited about what the Lord is going to do through this series of messages in our church, and I'm hopeful that this campaign
A campaign is going to be helpful for you as an individual and also for your small group as you all study this content together.
Essentially, the greater campaign is about applying.
The truth of the gospel
Or you might think of it in terms of
the victory or the power behind the resurrection of Jesus.
Applying that to your everyday life and some of your most important relationships. Usually when people hear the word greater, they...
They think of words like victory or
Power, strength, stuff like that.
Even the word "greater" kind of conjures up this idea that what is is not as good as it could be.
That something out there is
Within reach and maybe we could get it if some things changed in our life
Hardly ever when people think of the word "greater" do they think of words like "church" or "maybe."
you know, Jesus or,
resurrection or anything like that. Those kind of words for a lot of people in our culture
They conjure up ideas like, I don't know, old or judgmental.
restrictive, those kinds of things. You hardly ever, for most people, hardly do they ever equate
The truth of the gospel.
And winning
And they're...
Life like their family or their work or those type of things and
And I think that's kind of unfortunate. In fact, philosophers talk about what's called the sacred secular split.
So for a lot of people, they equate what happens on the weekend at church.
in this kind of separate part of their life. They have their church world and then they have their real life.
the real world, you know, what they go to from Monday to Friday, nine to five in the, in the home dealing with their kids.
and ah and that's unfortunate number one because we can't split our lives like that but number two the way to really start winning in those environments the real world environments.
is to take the spiritual truths of the gospel and apply them
Deeply, profoundly,
So that Sunday morning is not just hearing a message from a person who is not just a person who is a person who is a person who is a person
But hearing God speak to you and taking what he says and applying it to you.
in a very particular way in your life. And the passages that we're going to look at are maybe
better at showing us how to do that than some others in the scripture. I think all scripture is equally inspired, but not all of it is equally relevant at every stage in our life.
For a lot of us these kinds of things that we're going to be talking about they hit home on the things that we're dealing with on a regular basis so week one all we're going to do a really week one is is a
is Easter. We're kicking it off on Easter and I'm going to hopefully be able to show all of us why the greater life that we've always wanted
Is found
Only and always through
faith in Christ and applying the truth of the gospel to our
day-to-day life.
But after that small groups, the group that you're in right now, you're going to start covering
Six weeks worth of
the greater life. And week one is about how to overcome the lesser life. There are things that each of us fall prey to in our
On our day to day life that kind of undermine our capacity and our ability to experience the greater life. There are vices, there's tons of bad habits that we walk in.
Walk in some of us. We do it. We don't even know it. We've been carrying those kinds of habits and life rhythms our whole life, and we never knew that it was. It was keeping us from experiencing the greater life and.
And so we're going to look at some of those and talk about putting off the old. And then in week two, after having put off the old, we're going to put on the new. And that week, that text...
Text in week two is maybe one of my favorite passages in the whole book of Colossians, because it really.
It just offers some super practical help for how to win in your relationships.
And after we establish that, you know, those general relational principles, weeks 3, 4, 5, and 6, apply that teaching, apply the truth of the gospel,
To four key specific relational environments.
The relationship in your marriage between husband and wife
The relationship between parents and children
The relationships between Christians and their work
And then the last relationship is between Christians and the world. You know, your friends, unbelieving friends, a nun, a nun.
A believing world.
And so we're going to be greater in our marriages, greater in our parenting, greater in our work.
and greater in our witness. And so I really want to challenge you to stick with it the full six weeks. There are resources available. There's going to be a growth guide. It's about 100%
100 pages. It's got daily devotionals. It has content.
a bible reading plan at at the end of each devotional there is super practical application points so that if if you don't currently have a personal quiet time or if you don't have a personal quiet time or if you don't have a personal quiet time or if you don't have a personal quiet
It's a daily time with the Lord. That is a brilliant resource for you to use to get started. It won't take you more than five to ten minutes to do it. And you can start those daily habits of
of spending time with the Lord because that's central to you winning in those key areas of your life like we talked about. Also in addition to the greater guide,
Guide, they'll be. Are those devotionals? There's going to be discussion questions after every message. There's going to be a time for your small group to discuss those things, and you'll have those.
You'll have the discussion guide there. You'll have a place to take notes on Sunday morning, and so it's going to be a really key resource for you, so I hope that you'll grab it. You can get it in the gathering place. You can get it in the church.
in the church office or all of that stuff is going to be available in the app.
which means if you miss a week or maybe you didn't get there for the message but you're there for the group you can catch up on everything that you've missed through the Broadview app so
So just get on your smartphone if you don't have it.
pull up the App Store and
Type in broadview and download it.
And everything that you need will be right there. Easy access, the small group videos, the sermons.
the growth guides, the devotional, everything that you need. The last thing I want to encourage you to do is to share what it is that God's doing in your life
Through this growth campaign,
And if you're on social media, you can use the hashtag
100% greater BBC. And you can do that on Facebook, Instagram, all those different handles. Our church is going to be putting out content on each of those platforms.
Forms Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.
And so you can share what we're sharing, you can share what God's doing in your own life, maybe film a testimony video of how you're growing, and just hashtag it, greaterbeauty.com.
24 BBC. But again, thanks for participating. I want to challenge you to stick with it for the full six weeks. And I can't wait to see what the Lord does as you exchange the lesson.
The lesser life for something greater in Christ. So I'll catch you next time. Thank you.